Sent someone to secretly dig up my supreme bone
Put it on yourself
Do you think the whole world is blind?
Hahahaha
You say I dig your supreme bone
Who has seen the report to His Royal Highness the Lion?
No one saw it.
The traitor is just kidding himself
What are you looking at me for, you traitor?
Do I still want to be with you?
Let me tell you something.
Don't think that I will help you just because my sister marries you.
Since His Royal Highness Persimmon is here
I suggest you just let it go
His Royal Highness
Don't worry, a scumbag like him
I would never go along with him
You are really big
For the sake of your dedication
You will be acquitted today of the charge of hiding a traitor
Thank you, Your Highness
Why are you still not convinced?
Okay, today I'll let you give up completely
Catch his mother first
With respect and filial piety